Update INSTALLATION.md (#255)
exercism/racket: docs/INSTALLATION.md

# Installation
You can download the latest Racket installer from [the official Racket website](https://download.racket-lang.org/).  Installers are available for Windows (64-bit and 32-bit), macOS (Apple Silicon and Intel) and Linux (64-bit).

If you prefer to use a package manager, like `brew` on MacOS, `winget` on Windows or your Linux distribution's package manager, see [the Racket Wiki](https://github.com/racket/racket/wiki/Installing-Racket) for more detailed instructions.

Please reference Racket's [Getting Started](http://docs.racket-lang.org/getting-started/) page for guidance materials.

> The [Racket Guide](https://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/intro.html) introduces you to interacting with Racket. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure these links belong in this document, as they aren't about installing Racket. We have separate docs for learning resources.

See [DrRacket: The Racket Programming Environment](https://docs.racket-lang.org/drracket/index.html) for guidance using the DrRacket IDE.

> See [Command-Line Tools and Your Editor of Choice](https://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/other-editors.html) for an introduction to racket command line tool and using other editors.

Reviewer: Maybe put this in an `## IDE` section at the bottom of the page?

> ## About the Linux installer:

Reviewer: Maybe simplify to:

```suggestion
## Linux
```

The Linux build is generic enough that it should work on most distributions, including relatively old distributions. 

After downloading the installer file, run it with
```
sh racket-8.8-x86_64-linux-cs.sh
```

You man need to prefix `sudo` to the start of the command to install to a location that requires adminstrator access.

> **Warning: Racket may also be available through your distribution's package manager, although it may be older than the latest Racket version.** While you may choose to do this later, as a learner you will have a much better experience if you stick to the current release available from https://download.racket-lang.org

Reviewer: This would be great for a special block (see [the docs](https://exercism.org/docs/building/markdown/markdown)):

```suggestion
~~~~exercism/caution
Racket may also be available through your distribution's package manager, although it may be older than the latest Racket version.
While you may choose to do this later, as a learner you will have a much better experience if you stick to the current release available from https://download.racket-lang.org
~~~~
```

> ## About the macOS installer:

Reviewer: Maybe simplify this to:

```suggestion
## macOS
```

# Installation

You can download the latest Racket installer from [the official Racket website][racket-dl].  
Installers are available for Windows (64-bit and 32-bit), macOS (Apple Silicon and Intel) and Linux (64-bit).

If you prefer to use a package manager, like `brew` on MacOS, `winget` on Windows or your Linux distribution's package manager, see [the Racket Wiki][racket-wiki-install] for more detailed instructions.

## Linux

The Linux build is generic enough that it should work on most distributions, including relatively old distributions.
After downloading the installer file, run it with

```shell
sh racket-8.8-x86_64-linux-cs.sh
```

> You man need to prefix `sudo` to the start of the command to install to a location that requires adminstrator access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to prefix `sudo` to the start of the command to install to a location that requires administrator access.
```
